We don't talk anymore, we
don't talk anymore
We don't talk anymore, like we
used to do
We don't love anymore
What was all of it for?
Oh. we don't talk anymore.
like we used to do
I just heard you found the one
you've been looking
You've been looking for
I wish I would have known that wasn't me
'Cause even after all this
time I still wonder
Why I can't move on
Just the way you did so easily
Don't wanna know
What kind of dress you're
wearing tonight
If he's holding onto you so tight
The way I did before
I overdosed
Should've known your love was a game
Now I can't get you out of my brain
Oh. it's such a shame
That we don't talk anymore. we
don't talk anymore
We don't talk anymore. like we
used to do
We don't love anymore
What was all of it for?
Oh. we don't talk anymore.
like we used to do
I just hope you're lying next
to somebody
Who knows how to love you like me
There must be a good reason
that you're gone
Every now and then I think you
Might want me to come show up
at your door
But I'm just too afraid that
I'll be wrong
Don't wanna know
If you're looking into her eyes
If she's holding onto you so
tight the way I did before
I overdosed
Should've known your love was a game
Now I can't get you out of my brain
Oh. it's such a shame
That we don't talk anymore (We
don't. we don't)
We don't talk anymore (We
We don't talk anymore. like we
used to do
We don't love anymore (We
don't. we don't)
What was all of it for? (We
Oh. we don't talk anymore.
like we used to do
Like we used to do
Don't wanna know
What kind of dress you're
wearing tonight
If he's giving it to you just right
The way I did before
I overdosed
Should've known your love was a game
Now I can't get you out of my brain
Oh. it's such a shame
That we don't talk anymore (We
don't. we don't)
We don't talk anymore (We
We don't talk anymore. like we
used to do
We don't love anymore (We
don't. we don't)
What was all of it for? (We
Oh. we don't talk anymore.
like we used to do
What kind of dress you're
wearing tonight (Oh)
If he's holding onto you so tight (Oh)
The way I did before
(We don't talk anymore)
I overdosed
Should've known your love was
a game (Oh)
Now I can't get you out of my
brain (Woah)
Oh. it's such a shame
That we don't talk anymore
www.RentAnAdviser.com